♻️ have `withTiming` return early if `performance.timing` does not ex… (#1119)
Shopify/quilt: packages/performance/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- ## Unreleased -->

### Fixed

> - `withTiming` used in `Performance` object constructor will now check if `performance.timing` exist. This is mostly to reduce error encounter during test. [[#1119](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1119)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `withTiming` used in `Performance` object constructor will now check if `performance.timing` exists. This is mostly to reduce errors encounter during tests [[#1119](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1119)]
```
